(Sunghwa Women's University Audit Result)
(Department and Position)
(Episode 36)
Don't get angry at me.
But I am.
I have my reasons.
Is that so?
How much time do you need?
I don't know.
What's that?
Do you think...
we'll be able to send Lee Kwang Ho to jail?
We need to send him to jail.
There are laws in this country.
I'm not sure.
Your sitter took the day off today, so I came instead.
I know. My mom told me this morning that you'd come pick me up instead.
Oh, I see.
What do you want to do?
My mom told me that you'll buy me something delicious.
She also told me to spend some time with you.
Didn't you know?
No, I knew.
What do you want to eat?
I haven't decided yet.
Okay. You can take your time.
- We'll order this. - Okay.
Mr. Kang.
- Are you friends with Mr. Park? - Yes.
But why are you spending time with me instead of him?
Your mom...
- and Mr. Park are married, right? - Yes.
That means he's your dad now.
Why do you keep calling him "Mr. Park"?
I told my teacher that he's my dad.
I know that much.
But he's not my real dad. That's why.
My real dad's name is Kang Chul Gi.
I told you about him last time.
I heard you know both my dad and mom.
But if you keep calling him "Mr. Park",
don't you think he'll feel upset?
- Are you okay with that? - No.
But Mr. Park told me that he's fine with that.
He may be fine with that right now.
But if you keep calling him that, I think it could upset him.
You're saying exactly what my mom said.
She said the same thing.
That's why I promised my mom that I'll call him "Mr. Park"...
just until I'm 10.
Good job.
You should keep that promise. Su Chil's a great guy.
I know that.
He's good at making robots, and he teaches me soccer.
On top of that, we had a race on sports day, and he came in first.
My mom's a slow runner, but Mr. Park runs like this.
He's really fast. He's the best.
You must've been really happy.
But please don't tell Mr. Park...
that I said this.
- Why not? - Here's your pizza.
Okay.
It looks delicious.
- Enjoy. - Okay. Thank you.
Here.
Is it delicious? Eat as much as you want.
By the way, are you going to meet my dad soon?
Why do you ask?
Can you tell him this when you meet him?
- What should I tell him? - Tell him that I haven't forgotten.
If he ever sees me in the future...
and notices that I call Mr. Park my dad,
please tell him that...
it's not because I forgot about him.
Mom.
- Did you have fun? - Yes.
We had fun, right?
Of course.
- Mom, I need to go to the bathroom. - Okay. Let's go.
I can go by myself.
It was hard, wasn't it?
He's not easy to look after.
No, it was fine.
It was my first time spending time with a kid.
I told him a lot of stories about his dad until he was four.
Because back then, I thought you'd come back.
But one day,
I suddenly realized that you were never going to return.
So I hid all your photos and stopped talking about you.
He doesn't remember having seen your photos,
but he must've remembered your name.
I see.
You went through so much by having to raise him all by yourself.
No.
I was able to live because of Kang.
I'm glad Kang had a good time.
Okay. I'll see you later at home. Okay. Bye.
What is it?
Well...
Inspector Park, where's Jang Pil Sung?
What are you talking about?
You guys were supposed to take him to Prosecutor Kim.
I know, but he's gone.
We were told that someone from our team took him.
Who?
What's going on right now?
I'm going to corner you.
Do you even have anything to corner me with?
(Certificate of Admission)
Your daughter who's currently studying abroad in Australia...
You sent her abroad after forging her academic background.
Kim Jong Sam.
What are you doing?
Don't you know that messing with my kids is crossing the line?
No, I don't.
Your daughter's going to be so ashamed if this becomes public.
She won't be able to get a job either.
You jerk.
What do you want?
Talk.
Who ordered you to...
murder Chairman Jin Jung Gil?
Don't you know that a testimony based on threat or coercion...
has no legal force whatsoever?
That's more of a reason why you should talk.
Go on.
(Certificate of Admission)
Wait.
President Lee Kwang Ho...
You used to be a cop.
Do it properly.
Say it again.
I, Jang Pil Sung, tried to murder Chairman Jin by pushing him from...
the rooftop of Jinsung Group at around 11pm on November 29, 2007.
And I was given orders to murder him...
by Lee Kwang Ho himself.
How easy.
What are you doing?
I got his statement.
Aren't you his boss?
You should train your staff better.
Be quiet.
You won't ever come back here,
so say your goodbyes.
- Hand him over to Prosecution. - Okay.
Don't get too excited.
The tables can turn at any minute.
What were you thinking?
What is the statement you got?
That Lee Kwang Ho gave him orders to murder Chairman Jin.
There is no way he would have volunteered.
What will you use that for?
He will deny it during interrogation.
It doesn't matter.
I just needed him to admit that it was true.
Hey.
Why would an officer want something that has no legal force?
I'm sorry, sir.
I'm going to quit my job.
- What? - I just handed in my resignation.
Mr. Oh. What are you doing?
I understand why you might be doing this, but...
That's why...
you should just let me go.
What is he talking about?
I'm...
Lee Kwang Ho's son.
His biological son.
I already had a DNA test.
Mr. Oh!
I got it.
Yes.
Hey,
why did you take so long...
to hand in such an important document?
Because it's important.
As you can see, it was hard to collect.
I bet.
Have some before it gets cold.
So,
this is the list of assets Lee Kwang Ho snuck out to Macao?
This must have been hard work...
since you had to work with locals.
At the end of all the deals,
you'll find Lee Kwang Ho.
Still,
you should have finished it yourself.
Looking at this...
makes me want to arrest Lee Kwang Ho right away.
My heart is bouncing.
Now, I have to hold it down while investigating.
I don't even know anyone in Macao.
That's you're problem.
I gave you one,
so you owe me one.
Right. I don't like being in debt.
Would it be all right...
if I gave you one with an expired statute of limitations?
Of course.
This has no legal force,
but it's a hot one.
I found out just this morning.
The ones involved are quite impressive.
It might make you feel sentimental.
[VIU Ver] E36 Doubtful Victory "I'm His Biological Son"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Chul Gi, Mr. Oh...
No, Kim Jong Sam resigned. Go and see him right away.
What are you thinking?
Did Inspector Park call you?
I knew it.
But...
I was a fake to begin with.
What is your plan?
I've been collecting evidence related to Lee Kwang Ho.
I won't make things complicated and go through the law.
I'm going to release it to the media.
I recorded Jang Pil Sung's statement too.
Jong Sam.
What you're trying to do...
is something I've been preparing for a long time.
You don't have to get involved.
Chul Gi. I have to.
I must resolve it with Lee Kwang Ho myself...
so that I can find my place.
Let's meet with the press.
Mr. Cha's notes, evidence from Odong Blowfish House,
and Jang Pil Sung's statement.
That's enough to draw in interest, right?
Sure, but it won't be easy. I would have done it already.
Here. Add this to your list.
It proves Lee Kwang Ho murdered Gook Su Ran's son.
Wait.
Then the buried child in the notes...
Where is the end to this? No...
Where did it even start?
Lee Kwang Ho.
Did you get anything?
They told me to report it as false.
Lee Kwang Ho's in trouble.
Reporter Park is on it.
They contacted the press?
What's happening?
We told them it's a false accusation,
and that it'll be war if they release anything.
We're trying to block it,
but you might have to get involved.
Call all the editors.
Prepare a dinner.
Yes, sir.
Prepare something else for the reporters.
They must be salivating. They will be sad to go empty-handed.
There is Jang Pil Sung. He'll be released soon.
A Korean police chief was involved in a murder.
They can go with that.
But, Kim Jong Sam released Jang Pil Sung's testimony.
That's why his news should come out first.
That will make it look like he made it up to get out of it.
I'll get to it right away.
One more thing.
Kill Kim Jong Sam right away.
He lived for too long.
Yes, sir.
Well?
Do you find anything uncomfortable?
- We're obviously uncomfortable. - Stay put.
You should go if it's uncomfortable.
Unfortunately, only one of you can go.
What do you mean?
I need one of you to take care of someone.
If we hear the news that you're arrested,
the other person will be released.
Arrested?
Don't get pressured.
It'll be just a simple car accident.
What if we don't agree?
You'll both be stuck here.
- Does Chairwoman Gook know? - I'm not sure.
She has no time to look after you.
Also, this is Manager Lee's order.
I'll do it. But Assistant Manager Ki...
No. You have a family.
I'll do it.
Ki Myun Joong.
Sir.
You have to promise you'll release him.
If you don't...
General Manager Kwak.
Stay focused.
I'll finish up, so you better get out.
I'm sorry, sir.
It's okay.
Who is the person getting hit by the car?
That's it for News Nine today.
Here. Let's eat.
Today...
It's not coming out.
You should dress warmer tomorrow.
You should be dressed for the cold.
There is a cold wave warning throughout the country.
Jong Sam.
The cold will stay with us for a while.
We'll get a low of minus 10°C...
Something has been on my mind for the last few days.
I think I was too greedy before.
You were just a child.
I only thought of myself while trying to catch Lee Kwang Ho.
Don't be like that.
Ever since my mom died,
you were the only person...
who treated me like a human.
I lived on the streets as if that was my home.
Then, I got a real room.
I remember those days.
Ddak Ji and I were so excited to have a room.
Anyway, I would be a burglar now if it wasn't for you.
I passed the police exam...
and got to work too.
I could have taken care of you without making you do work.
If you never met me...
Forget it.
I had so much fun catching the bad guys with you.
Let's just eat ramyeon.
A chief of Korean police...
was found to have been involved in a murder 10 years ago.
The victim is Chairman Jin Jung Gil of Jinsung Group...
who was thought to have committed suicide.
We have yet to find out the reason for the murder.
As a current acting chief was involved in the murder...
What is this? What about Lee Kwang Ho?
They're using a trick.
They're trying to cover up everything we handed it,
and make the public focus on Jang Pil Sung.
What's wrong with the press?
With Lee Kwang Ho's wealth, connections, and power,
it's not impossible.
Is everything going to get buried like this?
No.
They can't cover it all.
(Restricted Number)
(Chief Jang Pil Sung Arrested for Engaging in Murder)
Turn it off.
That's all I needed to know.
It's all the same story everywhere.
It would have been better if we arrested him earlier.
Also, we...
It's fine as long as he's arrested.
Your dad will be proud of you.
I bet he's happy.
How about some makgeolli...
with your dad's wine glasses?
I'm in.
Mom.
Yes?
It must have been tough on you.
I can't seem to shake it right today.
Here.
What if I knew a family member...
of the person who did that to Dad? What should I do?
Do what?
It's not their fault they're his family.
Just act as you normally would.
However, that person will feel uncomfortable and sorry.
That's their problem.
What can you do about their feelings?
By the way, who is it?
The bad guy's family.
I don't know.
I was just asking.
Who is the person getting hit by the car?
Kim Jong Sam.
Are you sure you can meet him alone?
He was Lee Kwang Ho's hostage just a moment ago.
He was released...
in exchange for blowing the whistle on Chairwoman Gook.
What if it's a trap?
He would never betray Chairwoman Gook.
Also, he abducted Ddak Ji.
I have to record his testimony saying Lee Kwang Ho ordered it.
Anyway, come back if you smell anything fishy.
I'll wait here.
Okay.
Jong Sam!
Chul Gi.
Chul Gi. Chul Gi!
Chul Gi...
Chul Gi.
Jong...
Jong Sam.
Chul Gi...
Chul Gi!
Chul Gi! Wake up!
911... 911! 911!
911!
Chul Gi.
Chul Gi. Chul Gi.
Chul Gi, don't die!
Chul Gi! Chul Gi!
Please call 911!
Chul Gi!
(Doubtful Victory / Oh, the Mysterious)